FUSION AMPman - A WinAmp "Skins" Interface.
==========================================
version 1.0c


Version notes:

Firstly, Fusion AMPman is now a WinAmp "skins" set. <G>

Just a couple of very minor modifications to clean up the
interface. With WinAmp 1.80, the viz display now sports an
all black background - something I wanted right from the
start but was unable to do.

I've also included re-designed WinAmp Speakers, coordinated
to match the AMPman skin.


Designer's notes:

If you think the interface looks familiar, it is. I based it
on the look of my trusty old Sony Walkman. Kinda figured it
would make a neat design... after all, the idea of having
personal music wherever you are DID go ballistic when Sony
introduced the Walkman, and WinAmp does exactly that - your
choice of music, whatever you're doing...


Display notes:

First things first: if you're using a 256-color display,
Fusion AMPman will look like crap. The very subtle shadings
in the interface will look their pretty good on a hi-color
display (16-bit) and smooth as silk on a true-color (24- or
32-bit) display.


Acknowedgements:

First and foremost, I MUST extend my heartfelt thanks to
Mike (wick) of Layer3.org, whose website is almost totally
responsible for the incredible response to the original
Fusion AMPman "hack/mod/variation". You're the best, Mike!

Another note of thanks must also go to Marcel of MP3.com
- where Fusion AMPman made its debut - who gave it MP3.com's
very first and still the only 5-smiley rating for WinAmp
mods. Here's one more smiley for ya, Marcel... :)

Justin Frankel & company - You guys have created the single
most incredible MP3 player I have ever seen. Hats off to
you all, and my heartfelt thanks and appreciation for
including Fusion AMPman in your very first "skins" release.
You've done more than just make my day...

To Ray Waldin, who designed those WinAmp speakers - KEWL!!!

To everyone who sent me their notes of appreciation,
especially IVliNioN, Tim Adams, Cody Ames and Remco B Brinks,
(Remco, watch out, I might just take up your offer and burn
up your bandwidth! <G>) thanks bunches for your support.

And last but not least, to my dearest Kity, without whose
support and encouragement, Fusion AMPman might never have
made its debut. This one's for you, babe... I love you.

[Gee... this IS starting to sound like the Academy Awards,
isn't it? <G>]


Hope you like Fusion AMPman as much as I had fun doing it.
This has been one helluva trip for something which was
first started for the heck of it.

Watch out for a proper homepage and for further Fusion "skins".

Cheers!


- Blaye
blayde@bitsmart.com
